all right back with an SP game used
for Cody oh
from 9-10 SP jain used hockey thanks
facts and here we go Wow Josh meal on
Luce that's nice uh 1 235 ok oh man look
at that one the rookie Ville Leino the
699 I'll take the view Latino content a
please duel of Elah covilhã check and
carry late doing latin in 78 over
hundred you nicole the Chuck Carla
cannon and the base Ryan Kesler got it
easy on that one jersey refuge Nick alig
no jersey and a Tom wandl Randall Danny
not rookie serial numbered a 91 of a
hundred who's at Daniel Alfredsson mhm
Roman emmerich Jersey hey and Wes
O'Neill rookie 699 autograph yep right
here Alex Pietrangelo Peter Angelo
number 250 significant another me on the
loot Jersey and face anything what
I'm seeing ok yeah cool no you know some
of those they had a serial number 11 in
Peters breakers number 2 10 but it's not
gonna be on the base card what it is
that this one right here yeah they had a
gold one so that's cool all right there
you have it Cody I appreciate it man and
I will get these four right out to you
see you later